Some cleanups (#47)
eurec4a/how_to_eurec4a: how_to_eurec4a/unified.md

> More information on the dataset can be found at `?`. If you have questions or if you would like to use the data for a publication, please don't hesitate to get in contact with the dataset authors as stated in the dataset attributes `contact` or `author`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information on the dataset can be found at Konow et al., 2021 (in preparation). If you have questions or if you would like to use the data for a publication, please don't hesitate to get in contact with the dataset authors as stated in the dataset attributes `contact` or `author`.
```

Author: As #54 is now merged, I've updated the citation to use BibTeX. We'll have to update the `.bib` file once the paper gets a DOI etc...

list(cat.HALO.UNIFIED)
```

> * We can further specify the platform, instrument, if applicable dataset level or variable name, and pass it on to dask.

Reviewer: Adapting it to the change in `smart.md`
```suggestion
* We can further specify an instrument and a flight and obtain the dataset using `to_dask`.
```

> * We can funrther specify the platform, instrument, if applicable dataset level or variable name, and pass it on to dask.

Reviewer 2: We can further ...

Author: :+1:

We plot reflectivity from the HAMP Radar, the flight altitude of HALO and brightness temperatures from the low-frequency channels along the 22 GHz water vapor line (K band) from the HAMP radiometer.

```{code-cell} ipython3
%matplotlib inline
import numpy as np
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
plt.style.use("./mplstyle/book")

fig, (ax1, ax2) = plt.subplots(2, 1, sharex=True, gridspec_kw={'height_ratios':(2, 1.2)})

# 1st plot: Radar dBZ and flight altitude
ds_bahamas_selection.altitude.plot(ax=ax1, x='time', color='black', label='flight altitude')

> ax1.set_xlabel('')

Reviewer: move that line two lines down such that the label is not printed from the radar plot.
